Document upcoming COVID vaccine acceptance signal (#353)
cmu-delphi/delphi-epidata: docs/api/covidcast-signals/fb-survey.md

`smoothed_wtested_14d`.

## Vaccination Indicators

| Signal | Description | Survey Item |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `smoothed_accept_covid_vaccine` | Estimated percentage of respondents who would definitely or probably choose to get vaccinated, if a COVID-19 vaccine were offered to them today | V3 |

This indicator is based on questions added in Wave 6 of the survey, introduced
on December 19, 2020. **Note:** As of January 2021, vaccination items on the

> survey are being revised in preparation for Wave 7. The signal above may be
> replaced with a new signal (with different name) if the underlying survey item
> changes significantly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
survey are being revised in preparation for Wave 7. We may replace the signal above with a new signal (with a different name) if the underlying survey item changes significantly.
```

I would use an active voice, but if it's not terribly important no worries. The 'a' before different should be kept though.

> A weighted versions of this signal, using the [survey weighting described

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A weighted version of this signal, using the [survey weighting described
```

> below](#survey-weighting) to be more representative of state demographics, is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
below](#survey-weighting) to represent more state demographics, is
```
It's not major, just felt overly wordy the other way.

Reviewer 2: "representative of" is a statistical term of art; "represent" doesn't mean the same thing (sorry, English is garbage sometimes)

Reviewer: That's fair, no worries.
